# Release v1.4.0-next.1

## @backstage/plugin-auth-backend@0.15.0-next.1

### Minor Changes

- 9d4040777e: **BREAKING**: Removed all directly exported auth provider factories, option types, and sign-in resolvers. For example: `AwsAlbProviderOptions`, `bitbucketUserIdSignInResolver`, `createGithubProvider`. These are all still accessible via the `providers` export. For example, use `providers.github.create()` rather than `createGithubProvider()`, and `providers.bitbucket.resolvers.userIdMatchingUserEntityAnnotation()` rather than `bitbucketUserIdSignInResolver`.

  **BREAKING**: Removed the exported `AuthProviderFactoryOptions` type as well as the deprecated option fields of the `AuthProviderFactory` callback. This includes the `tokenManager`, `tokenIssuer`, `discovery`, and `catalogApi` fields. Existing usage of these should be replaced with the new utilities in the `resolverContext` field. The deprecated `TokenIssuer` type is now also removed, since it is no longer used.

  **BREAKING**: Removed `getEntityClaims`, use `getDefaultOwnershipEntityRefs` instead.

  **DEPRECATION**: Deprecated `AtlassianAuthProvider` as it was unintentionally exported.

## @backstage/cli@0.17.3-next.1

### Patch Changes

- e661242844: Updated dependency `run-script-webpack-plugin` to `^0.1.0`.

## @backstage/create-app@0.4.29-next.1

### Patch Changes

- Bumped create-app version.

## @backstage/plugin-search@0.9.1-next.1

### Patch Changes

- 509c4092f0: To allow people to use a global search context in the search modal, the code for the search modal has been changed to only create a local search context if there is no parent context already defined.

  If you want to continue using a local context even if you define a global one, you will have to wrap the modal in a new local context manually:

  ```tsx
  <SearchContextProvider>
    <SearchModal toggleModal={toggleModal} />
  </SearchContextProvider>
  ```

## example-backend@0.2.73-next.1

### Patch Changes

- Updated dependencies
  - @backstage/plugin-auth-backend@0.15.0-next.1
